docs: update node loss handling instructions (#17790)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Block-Storage-RBD/block-storage.md

If a node goes down where a pod is running where a volume is mounted, the volume cannot automatically be mounted on another node. The node must be guaranteed to be offline before the volume can be mounted on another node.

!!! important
    The fencing feature is **not enabled by default**. To enable automatic network fencing and unfencing, you must:

>     1. **Enable** the `enable-fencing` flag in the CSI driver configuration.

Reviewer: How about providing example settings for how to configure it? There are two primary ways of deploying, either with helm or manifests, so an example for each of them would be helpful. 

With helm, for example the following settings would be required (an perhaps others from [values.yaml](https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi-operator/blob/main/deploy/charts/ceph-csi-drivers/values.yaml), I didn't test it):
```
enableFencing: true
deployCsiAddons: true
```

For manifests, looks like they are very similar settings in the Driver CRs.

Reviewer: How about this?
- Add an example in the CSI doc you mentioned for how to enable it in the RBD CSI driver CR. Since csi-addons is required, perhaps add a new section there for this scenario.
- Add a helm example under the [help custom settings](https://rook.github.io/docs/rook/latest-release/Helm-Charts/csi-drivers-chart/#custom-settings).

Then from this doc link to those two examples.

    2. **Deploy** the CSI-Addons sidecar in the RBD provisioner and nodeplugin pods.
    3. **Deploy** the CSI-Addons controller. See the [`CSI-Addons documentation`](../Ceph-CSI/ceph-csi-drivers.md#csi-addons-controller) for detailed setup instructions.

### Handling Node Loss

When a node is confirmed to be down, add the following taints to the node:

```console
kubectl taint nodes <node-name> node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service=nodeshutdown:NoExecute
kubectl taint nodes <node-name> node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service=nodeshutdown:NoSchedule
```

After the taint is added to the node and the fencing feature is properly configured:

* The CSI driver will retrieve the stored client address from the RBD image metadata
* If the node has the `out-of-service` taint, the driver will add the client address to the Ceph blocklist to prevent connections to Ceph from the volume on that node

> * The blocklist entry has an extended duration (approximately 3 years since [`f31d229`](https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi/commit/f31d229102f68c123ffdb474efd03566c4a28961)) to ensure the protection persists until the node undergoes a complete power cycle

Reviewer: What does this mean 3 years since that commit? That commit mentions a one-year timeout. In any case, let's just document the behavior, rather than link to a commit that users won't know what to do with.

Reviewer: Ah, I saw 1yr mentioned in the commit message, a bit different from the actual code.
The Rook docs are versioned. We will only backport this update to the 1.19 and 1.20 docs, which already include the CSI version with that change. I see CSI 3.16+ has the change, which corresponds with Rook 1.19+. Thus, let's just document the behavior assuming this change.

!!! Warning
    When a node becomes out of service, its mounts and device mappings will persist until the node undergoes a complete power lifecycle (includes shutdown and startup). To prevent data inconsistency or corruption, administrators **MUST NOT** remove the `node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service` taint until the node has successfully completed a full power cycle. Removing the taint prematurely may leave stale device states, active client sessions, or lingering mounts, which can lead to serious data integrity issues.

### Node Recovery

If the node comes back online and the fencing feature is properly configured:

* After the `out-of-service` taints are removed and pods are rescheduled on the recovered node

> * When the CSI-Addons `GetFenceClients()` RPC is called during volume attachment, the driver will automatically check if the blocklist entry has expired

Reviewer 2: The GetFenceClients() RPC is called by the CSI-Addons controller not during volume attachment.

```suggestion
When the CSI-Addons controller processes the recovered node, the driver will automatically remove the client address from the blocklist if the 5-minute cool-down period has passed.
```

No need of 3rd point the above covers it.

If a node goes down where a pod is running where a volume is mounted, the volume cannot automatically be mounted on another node. The node must be guaranteed to be offline before the volume can be mounted on another node.

> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -->

Reviewer: No need to disable the linter with the below suggestion.

<!-- False positive: MkDocs `!!!` admonitions require indentation that MD046 interprets as indented code blocks. -->

> !!! important

Reviewer: The "important" sections are better for quick points, not entire bullet lists. I would say just remove the "important" section, and leave the text as a normal block. You already have "not enabled by default" as bold, which will make it emphasized.
```suggestion
```

If a node goes down where a pod is running where a volume is mounted, the volume cannot automatically be mounted on another node. The node must be guaranteed to be offline before the volume can be mounted on another node.

Network fencing is designed to prevent a failed node from accessing the volume before it is remounted elsewhere. The feature is **not enabled by default**. For step-by-step configuration examples to enable automatic network fencing and unfencing, see:

> * The [`Network Fencing`](../Ceph-CSI/ceph-csi-drivers.md#network-fencing) section in the CSI configuration documentation for manifest-based examples using the RBD `Driver` CR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The [`Network Fencing`](../Ceph-CSI/csi-configuration.md#network-fencing) section in the CSI configuration documentation for manifest-based examples using the RBD `Driver` CR.
```

incorrect linik

kubectl taint nodes <node-name> node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service=nodeshutdown:NoSchedule
```

After the taint is added to the node and the fencing feature is properly configured:

* The CSI driver will retrieve the stored client address from the RBD image metadata
* If the node has the `out-of-service` taint, the driver will add the client address to the Ceph blocklist to prevent connections to Ceph from the volume on that node
* The blocklist entry has an extended duration (approximately 3 years) to ensure the protection persists until the node undergoes a complete power cycle.

!!! Warning
    When a node becomes out of service, its mounts and device mappings will persist until the node undergoes a complete power lifecycle (includes shutdown and startup). To prevent data inconsistency or corruption, administrators **MUST NOT** remove the `node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service` taint until the node has successfully completed a full power cycle. Removing the taint prematurely may leave stale device states, active client sessions, or lingering mounts, which can lead to serious data integrity issues.

### Node Recovery

> If the node comes back online and the fencing feature is properly configured:

Reviewer 3: This section should be merged with the next.

Pods can be scheduled on the node only after the taint is removed

> * After the `out-of-service` taints are removed and pods are rescheduled on the recovered node

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Once the `out-of-service` taints are removed, workloads can be rescheduled onto the recovered node.
```

kubectl taint nodes <node-name> node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service=nodeshutdown:NoSchedule
```

After the taint is added to the node and the fencing feature is properly configured:

* The CSI driver will retrieve the stored client address from the RBD image metadata
* If the node has the `out-of-service` taint, the driver will add the client address to the Ceph blocklist to prevent connections to Ceph from the volume on that node
* The blocklist entry has an extended duration (approximately 3 years) to ensure the protection persists until the node undergoes a complete power cycle.

> !!! Warning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! warning
```

casing inconsistency
